chore: Simplify README to make Quick Start and Installation guides obvious (#69)
Twingate/kubernetes-access-gateway: README.md

## Installation

> - See [Quick Started](https://github.com/Twingate/kubernetes-access-gateway/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide) to setup Gateway using Twingate operator from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See [Quick Started](https://github.com/Twingate/kubernetes-access-gateway/wiki/Quick-Start-Guide) to setup the Gateway from scratch using the Twingate Operator.
```

- See [Installation](https://github.com/Twingate/kubernetes-access-gateway/wiki/Installation) for different installation options.

## Support

- For general issues using this gateway please open a GitHub issue.
- For account specific issues, please visit the [Twingate forum](https://forum.twingate.com/)
 or open a [support ticket](https://help.twingate.com/)

## Developers

> - See [Developer](https://github.com/Twingate/kubernetes-access-gateway/wiki/Developer) for how to setup development environment and release process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See [Developer](https://github.com/Twingate/kubernetes-access-gateway/wiki/Developer) for how to set up a development environment and release process.
```
